C 2 THE AXIOM OF SPECIFICATION dam. The analogy between sets &nd boxes has many weak points, but metimes it gives & helpful picture of the facts. All that is lacking for the precise general formulation that underlies the amples above is definition of sentence. Here is and informal 1e. There are two basic typeg of sentences, namely, assertions of be- nging, I € A, d assertions of equality, B; other gentences are obtained from guch atomic sentenceg by repeated plicationg of the usual logical operators, subject only to the minimal urtesies of grammar and unambiguity. To make the definition more plicit (and longer) it is necessary to append to it & list of the "usual logi- operators" the rules of syntax An edequate (and, in fact, redun- nt) list of the former containg seven items: and, or (in the genge of "either both") , nol, if then -(or implies) , if and only if, for some (or there exists) , for all. for the ruleg of sentence construction; they can be described &s follows. Put "not" before & gentence and enclose the result between parentheses he reason for parentheses, here and below, is to guarantee unambiguity . te, incidentally, that they make all other punctuation marks unneces- The complete parenthetical equipment that the definition of sen- ces calls for is rarely needed: We shall alweys omit &s many perentheses it seems gafe to omit without leading to confusion. In normal mathe- tical practice, to be followed in this book, several different sizeg and apeg of parentheses are used, but that is for visual convenience only._ Put and" or "or" or 'jf and only if" between two gentences and en- se the result between parentheses_ (iii) Replace the dashes in "jf-_then by sentences and enclose the result in parentheses_ (iv) Replace the sh in "for gome or in "for all_" by letter, follow the result by tence, and enclose the whole in parentheses. (If the letter used does 6 occur in the gentence, no harm is done According to the usual and tural convention "for gome y (x A)" just means "€ A" _ It is equally Origlnal fom e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN quick and