NAfyp SEI THEOn  SEC_ of choice then say8 that the Cartesian product of the sets of @ at least one element. An element of such & Cartesian product is, by definition, function (family, indexed set) whose domain is the index (in this case @ and whose value at each index belongs to the set bearing that index: Con - clusion : there exists function f with domain @ such that if A @, then f(A) e A_ This conclusion applies, particular; in case @ is the collection of all non-empty subsets of & non-empty set X. The assertion in that case is that there exists & function f with domain P(X) (P} such that if is in that domain, then f(A) A. In intuitive language the function f can be described simultaneous choice of an element from each of many sets; this is the reason for the name of the axiom: (A function that in this sense "chooses' an element out of each non- ~empty subset of set X is called choice function for X.) We have geen that if the collection of sets we are choosing from is finite, then the possibility of simultaneous choice is an easy consequence of what we knew before the axiom of choice was even stated; the role of the axiom ig to guarantee that possibility in infinite cases The two consequences of the axiom of choice in the preceding paragraph (one for the power set of & get and the other for more general collections of sets) are in fact just reformulations of that axiom. It used to be considered important to examine, for each consequence of the axiom of choice, the ex- tent to which the axiom is needed in the proof of the consequence. An alternative proof without the axiom of choice spelled victory; 8 converse proof, showing that the consequence is equivalent to the axiom of choice (in the pregence of the remaining axioms of get theory) meant honorable defeat_ Anything in between was considered exasperating: As & sample (and an exercise) we mention the assertion that relation includes function with the game domain. Another sample: if @ is collection of pairwise disjoint non-empty sets, then there exists & set A such that A n is & gingleton for each € in Both these assertions are among the many known to be equivalent to the axiom of choice As an illustration of the use of the axiom of choice, consider the assertion that if set i8 infinite, then it has & subset equivalent to @. An informal argument might run 98 follows. If X ig infinite, then, in particular, it is not empty (that i8, it is not equivalent to 0); hence it has &n element, say To- Since X ig not equivalent to 1, the set X {zo} is not empty; hence it has an element, say T1: Repeat this ergument ad infinitum; the next step, for instance, is to gy that X T1) is not empty, and, therefore, it has an element, say Tz. The result is &n infinite gequence {za} of distinct elements of X; Thig gketch of & proof at least has the virtue of Origlnal ftom e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN has set every {To, q.e.d, being