15 THE AXIOM OF CHOICE nest ebout the most important idea behind it; the act of choosing an ement from non-empty set Was repeated infinitely often. The mathe- atician experienced in the wayg of the axiom of choice will often offer Ich an informal argument; his experience enables him to see at & glance w to make it precise. For our purposes it i8 advisable to take & longer ok Let f be & choice function for X; that i8, f is & function from the collec- of all non-empty subsets of X to X such that f(A) for all A in domain of f: Let @ be the collection of all finite gubsets of X. Since X infinite, it follows that if A € @, then X A is not empty, and hence at X belongs to the domain of f. Define function g from @ to @ writing 9(A) U (f(X A)}. In words: g( A) is obtained by ad- to the element that f chooses from X We apply the re- rsion theorem to the function 9; we may start it rolling with, for in- ince, the set $_ The result is that there exists function U from @ such that U(O) 0 and U(n +) U(n) U {f(X U(n))} for ery natural number Assertion: if v(n) f(X U(n)) , then e-to-one correspondence from to X, and hence, indeed, is equivalent some subset of X (namely the range of v). To prove the assertion, we ake series  of  elementary   observation8; their  proofs are easy conse- ences of the definitions_ First: v(n) U(n) for all Second: v(n) for all n. Third: if n and m are natural numbers and n < m, then (n) € U(m).  Fourth: if n and m are natural numbers &nd n m, then "(m)  (Reason : v(n) U(m) but v(m) U(m) ) The last observa- implies that v maps distinct natural num bers onto distinct elements X; all we have to remember is that of any two distinct natural numbers of them is strictly smaller than the other. The proof is complete; we know now that every infinite set has & subset uivalent to W. This result, proved here not s0 much for its intrinsic in- rest &S for an example of the proper use of the axiom of choice, has an eresting corollary. The assertion is that & get is infinite if and only if is equivalent to proper subset of itself: The "jf" we already know; says merely that & finite cannot be equivalent to proper gubset prove the "only if," suppose that X is infinite, and let v be & one-to-one rrespondence into X_ If x is in the range of v, say x v(n) , write c) "(n +); if z is not in the range of v, write h(z) It i8 easy to rify that h is a one-to-one correspondence from X into itself. Since the nge of proper subset of X (it does not contain v(0)) , the proof of corollary is complete. The assertion of the corollary was used by Dede- d as the very definition of infinity. Origlnal fom e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN 6A ining set from