NUMBERS 43 the one gketched ebove would involve the following two gteps First, lect an object that is one of the intended models of the concept fined an object, in other words, such that on  intuitive practicel ounds it degerves to be called one meter if anything does. Second, rm the set of all objects in the universe that are of the game length &8 the lected one (note that this doeg not depend on knowing what meter ), and define & meter &s the set s0 formed: How in fact i8 & meter defined? The example was chosen 80 that the nswer to this question should suggest an approach to the definition of Imbers. The j8 that in the customary definition of & meter the cond ig omitted. By & more or less arbitrary convention an object selected and its length is called 8 meter_ If the definition ig accused of rcularity (what does "length' mean ?), it can easily be converted into an nexceptionable demonstrative definition; there is after all nothing to stop from defining a meter &8 equal to the gelected object: If this demon- rative approach is adopted, it i8 just 88 easy to explain ag before when one-meter-ness" ghall be attributed to 8ome other object, namely, just case the new object hes the game length the gelected standard: We )mment that to determine whether two  objects heve the same ngth depends on & simple act of comparison only, &nd does not depend having precise definition of length: Motivated by the considerationg described above; we have earlier defined 48 some particular get with (intuitively speaking) exactly two elements low was that standard get selected? How ghould other such standard sets other numbers be selected? There ig no compelling mathematical rea- n for preferring one answer to this question to another; the whole largely matter of taste. The selection should presumably be y considerations of simplicity economy To motivate the particular lection that is usually made, guppose that number, say 7, hes already een defined &9 & (with geven elements). in this case, should we efine 8? Where, in other words, can we find set consisting of exactly ght elements? We can find seven elements in the set 7; what shall we use 3 an eighth to adjoin to them? A reasonable answer to the last question the number (set) 7 itself; the proposal is to define 8 to be the set consist- g of the geven elements of 7, together with 7. Note that according to this roposal each number will be equal to the set of its own predecessors The preceding paragraph motivates set-theoretic construction that akes sense for every get, but that is of interest in the construction of umbers only. For every set € we define the successor z + of < to be the t obtained by adjoining € to the elements of z; in other words, Origlnal fom e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN being long point step again thing guided and How , set