102 NAVE SETTHEORY Sec:25 dered get each of whase initial segments is finite; correspondingly, the most important property of 0 i8 that it is an uncountably infinite well ordered set each of whose initial gegments i8 countable. The least uncountable ordinal number cleerly  satisfies  the defining condition of & cardinal number; in its cardinal role it is alwayg denoted by X. Equivelently, X1 may be characterized &8 the least cardinal number strictly ter than No, O1, in other words, the immediate successor of No in the ordering of cardinal numbers The arithmetic relation between Xo and N1 is the subject of & famoug old problem about cardinal number8 How do we get No to X1 by arith- metic operations? We know by now thet the most elementary steps, in- volving gums products, just lead from No back to No again. The gim- plest we know to do that gtarts with No and ends up with gomething iarger ig to form 2* We know therefore that N & 2*0 Is the inequality strict? Ig there an uncountable cardinal number strictly lesg than 2*0? The celebrated conlinuum hypothesis asserts, &s guess, that the answer is no, Or in other words, that M 2*0 All that is known for gure i8 that the continuum hypothesis is consistent with the axioms of set theory. For each infinite cardinal number @, consider the get c(a) f all infinite cardinal numbers that are gtrictly lesg than a. If a No, then c(a) 8; if a X1, then c(a) {No}. Since c(a) ig & well ordered set, it has an Or - dinal number, s8y The connection between is usually expressed by writing Na: An equivalent definition of the cardinal numbers Na proceeds by transfinite induction; according to that approach Xa (for & > 0) i8 the smallest cardinal number that ig gtrictly greater than all the N;'s with 8 < The generalized continuum hypothesis ig the conjecture that Na+1 2*a for each ordinal number &. INDEX ell; 5 axiom of extension ancestor, 88 axiom of 'infinity, 44 and, axiom of pairing; 9 antisymmetric 3, 54 axiom of powers, 19 argument, 30 exiom of specification; associative, 13 axiom of substitution, 75 assume 30 axiom of unions, atomic gentence, 5 Aussonderunggaxiom, 6 belonging exiom of choice, 59 between, 56 Origlnal ftom e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN grea  from and thing and