86 NANYE SET THEOR < SEC _ 22 conclusion is that X is equivalent to gubset of %. In other words, if X<Y Y < %,then X < Z. The interesting question is that of entisymmetry. If X < Y and Y < X, can we conclude that X Y? This is absurd; the assumptions ere satisfied whenever X and are equivalent, and equivalent gets need not be identical. What then can we say about two sets if all we know is that each of them i8 equivalent to subset of the other? The answer i8 cOn- tained in the following celebrated and important result: Schroder-Bernstein theorem. If X < Y and Y < X,then X ~Y. REMARK Observe that the converse, which is incidentally consider - able strengthening of the assertion of reflexivity, followg trivially from the definition of domination_ PROoF Let f be & one-to-one mapping X into Y and let g be & one-to-one mapping from Y into X; the problem is to construct & one-to one correspondence between X and Y. It i8 convenient to a8sume that the sets X and Y have no elements in common; if that ig not true, we can 80 easily make it true that the added assumption  involves no loss  of generality . We shall say that an element I in X is the parent of the element f(z) in Y, and, similarly, that an element y in Y is the parent of g(y) in X Each element > of X has an infinite sequence of descendants, namely, f(z), g(f(z)) , f(g(f())) , and similarly, the descendants of an element y of Y are g(y) , f(g(y)) , g(f(g(y))) , etc. This definition implies that each term in the sequence is & descendant of all preceding terms; we ghall also say that term in the gequence is an ancestor of all following terms For each element (in either X Y) one of three things must happen_ If we keep tracing the ancestry of the element back &s 48 possible, then either we ultimately come to an element of X that has no parent (these orphans are exactly the elements of X g( Y)), or we ultimately come to an element of Y that has no parent (Y f(X)) , or the lineage regresses ad infinitum_ Let Xx be the get of those elements of X that originate in X (i.e , Xx consists of the elements of X 9(Y) together with &ll their descendants in X), let Xr be the set of those elements of X that originate in Y (i.e , Xr consists of all the descendants in X of the elements of Y f(X)), let Xw be the set of those elements of X that have no parentless ancestor_ Partition Y similarly into the three sets Yx, Yy, nd Yc: I € Xx, then f(z) Yx, and, in fact, the restriction of f to Xx is & one-to-one corregpondence between Xx and Yx- If x Xy, then z belongs to the domain of the inverse function g and g-!(z) € Yy; in fact the re- Origlnal ftom e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN and from etc , each far and