c: 14 ORDER at x For an example, consider the collection @ of non-empty sub- ts of & non-empty set X with ordering by inclusion. Each singleton is minimal element of @, but clearly @ has no least element (unless X itself singleton). We distinguish   similarly between greatest and maximal ments; a marimal element of X is an element such that X contains strictly greater than Equivalently, & is maximal if a & < es that x An element a of & partially ordered set is said to be & lower bound of & bset E of X in case a & for every € in E; similarly a is an upper bound E in case * < a for every € in E. A set E may have no lower bounds or per bounds at all, or it may have many; in the latter case it could happen none of them belongs to E. (Examples?) Let E; be the set of &ll ver bounds of E in X and let E' be the set of all upper bounds of E in X hat w2s just said is that E. may be empty, E. 0 E may be empty E. 0 E is not empty, then it is & singleton consisting of the unique least ment of E. Similar remarks apply, of course, to E:_ If it happens that set E. contains & greatest  clement (necessarily unique) , then lled the greatest lower bound infmum of E. The abbreviationg g.L.b. d inf are in common use. Because of the difficulties in pronouncing the and even in remem whether g.Lb. is up (greatest) Or down wer) , we shall use the latter notation only. Thus inf E is the unique ment in X (possibly not in E) that is lower bound of E and that minates (i.e-, is greater than) other lower bound of E. The defini- ns at the other end are completely parallel If E" has a least element a ecessarily unique), then a is called the least upper bound (L.u.b.) Or supre- lm (sup) of E. The ideas connected with partially ordered sets are easy to express but ey take some time to assimilate. The reader is advised to manufacture ny examples to illustrate the various possibilities in the behavior of rtially ordered sets &nd their subsets. To aid him in this enterprise, we oceed to describe three partially ordered sets with some amusing operties. (i) The set To avoid any possible confusion, we all denote the order we are about to introduce by the neutral symbol R (a,6) and (z, y) are ordered pairs of natural numbers, then (a, 6) R (1, ans, by definition, that (2a + 1).2" < (2r + 1).2'. (Here the inequal- sign refers to the customary ordering of natural numbers ) The reader 10 IS not to pretend ignorance of fractions will  recognize that, 2a + cept for notation, what we just defined is the usual order for and 26 +1 (ii) The get is w X Once more we use & neutral symbol Origlnal fom e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN ithing im- bering 'mer , every special willing again.