25 CARDINAL NUMBERS 101 lid for &ll cardinal numbers Proof: if A i8 & get with cerd A < P(A), hence card A < card 8(A), and therefore a < 29. EXERCISE. If card A = 0, what is the cardinal number of the get of all one-to-one mappings of A onto itself? What is the cardinal number of the set of all countably infinite subsets of A? The facts about the ordering of ordinal numbers are at the game time ts about the ordering of cardinal numbers   Thus, for instance, we know at any two cardinal numbers are comparable (always either <6, 6, or b < a), end that, in fact, every set of cardinal numberg is well lered. We know also that every set of cardinal numbers has an upper und (in fact; & supremum) , and that, moreover; for every set of cardinal mbers, there is cardinal number strictly greater than any of them_ is implieg of course that there is no largest cardinal number; OI, ntly, that there is no set that consists exactly of all the cardinal num- The contradiction _ based on the assumption that there is such & set, known a8 Cantor' $ parador. The fact that cardinal numbers are special ordinal numbers simplifies ne aspects of the theory, at the same time, it introduces the possi- ity of gome confusion that it is essential to avoid: One major source of iculty is the notation for the arithmetic operations. and 6 are dinal numbers, then they are also ordinal numbers, and, consequent'y, sum a + b has two possible meanings The cardinal sum of two car- al numbers is in general not the same a8 their ordinal sum_ All this Inds worse than it is; in practice it is easy to avoid confusion. The text, the use of special symbols for cardinal numbers, and an occasional licit warning can make the discussion fow smoothly ExERCISE. Prove that if & and 8 are ordinal numbers, then card (a + 8) card 8 and card (a8) (card a) (card 8). Use the ordinal interpretation of the operations on the left side and the cardinal inter- pretation on the right: One of the special symbols for cardinal numbers that is used very fre- ently is the first letter (, aleph) of the Hebrew alphabet_ Thus in par- ular the smallest transfinite ordinal number; i.e., W, is & cardinal number, 95 such; it is always denoted by No: Every one of the ordinal numbers that we have explicitly named s0 far countable: In many of the applications of set theory an important role played by the smallest uncountable ordinal number; frequently denoted The most important property of @ is that it is an infinite well Or - Origlnal fom e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN equiv- but, quite card