C 10 INVERSES AND COMPOSITES from Y to Z The composite relation T, from X to Z, is denoted by R, or; simply, by SR; it is defined g0 that z T 2 if and only if there exists element y in Y such that I R y y $ 2. For an instructive example, mean "son" and let $ mean "brother" in the set of human males, In other words, = R y means that w is son of y, and y S 2 means at y is brother of In this case the composite relation SR means ephew (Query what do R-I,S-I, RS, and R-IS-1 mean?) If both and S are functions, then Ry and y S 2 can be rewritten R(z) =V d S(y) respectively. It follows that S(R(z)) 2if and only if z T 2, that functional composition is indeed & special case of what is sometimes lled the relative product. The algebraic properties of inversion and composition are the same for ations a8 for functions_ Thus, in particuler, composition is commuta- e by accident oly, but it is always associative, and it is &lways con- cted with inversion via the equation (SR) R-S-! (Proofs?) The algebra of relations provides some amusing formulas   Suppose that, nporarily, we consider relations in one set X only, and, in particular, let the relation of equality in X (which ig the game &8 the identity map 1g on X): The relation as &_ multiplicative this means that RI R for every relation R in X_ Query: is there connection ong I, RR and R-R? The thrce defining properties of an equiv- nce relation can be formulated in algebraic terms follows: reflexivity ans [ C R, symmetry means R € R-I, and transitivity means RR € R. ExERCISE. (Assume in each case that f is function X to Y) (i) If g is & function Y to X such that gf is the identity o X, then f is one-to-one and g maps Y onto X. (ii) A necessary and sufficient condition that f(A 0 B) f(A) 0 f(B) for all subsets A and B of X is that f be one-to-one (iii) necessary and sufficient condition that f(X A) € Y _ f(A) for all subsets A of X is that f be one-to-one (iv) necessary and sufficient condition that Y f(A) €f(x A) for all subsets A of X is that f map X onto Y. Original from e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN and unit; acts from from