c. 8 FUNCTIONS 31 city directory; the arguments of the function gre; in thig case, the in- bitants of the and the values are their addregseg_ For relationg in general, and hence for functiong in particular, we have fined the concepts of domain and range. The domain of function f Xinto Y is, by definition, to X, but its renge need not be equal Y; the range consists of those elements y of Y for which there exists an X guch that f() If the range of f i8 equal to Y, we 8ay that f ps X onto Y. If A i8 & gubset of X, we may want to consider the get of those elements y of Y for which there exists an x in the gubset 4 guch t f(z) This subset of Y is called the image of A under f and ig quently denoted by f(A): The notation is bad but not catastrophic. hat is bad about it is that if A happens to be both an element of X and ubset of X (an unlikely gituation; but far from an impossible one), then symbol f(A) is ambiguous Does it mean the value of f at does it an the set of values of f at the elements of A?   Following normal math- atical custom, we shall use the bad notation, relying o context, and; the rare occasions when it is necessary, adding verbal stipulations, to id confusion. Note that the image of X itself is the range of f; the ato" character of f can be expregsed by writing f(X) Y [f X is & subset of & get Y, the function f defined by f(z) =I for each n X is called the inclusion map (or embedding, O the injection) of into Y. The phrase "the function f defined by i8 & very common in guch contexts It is intended to imply, of course, that there does eed exist & unique function satisfying the stated condition_ In the gpe case at hand this is obvious enough; we are being invited to consider of all those ordered pairs (€, y) in X X Y for which > Similar { siderations apply in every case, and, following normal mathematical ctice, we shall usually describe & function by describing its value y &t h argument € Such & degcription is sometimes longer and more cum- gome than direct degcription of the set (of ordered pairs) involved_ nevertheless, most  mathematicians  regard the argument-value de- ption &9 more perspicuous than any other. Che inclusion map of X into X is called the identity map on X. (In the guege of relations, the identity map On X i8 the game &8 the relation of ality in X) If, before, X € Y, then there is & connection between inclusion map of X into Y and the identity map on Y that connection special case of general procedure for making gmall functiong out of e ones. If f is & function from Y to Z, sey, if X is & gubset of Y there is & natural way of constructing function g from X to Z; de- g(c) to be to f(z) for each x in X_ The function g is called Origlnal ftom e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN city, equal the set and equal the