)es not hold. for instance, that we consider human beings in- ead of sets, and that, if z &nd A are human beings; we write < A when - er I is an ancestor of A. (The ancestors of & human being are his par- ts, his parents' parents, their parents, etc , etc ) The analogue of the iom of extension would gy here that if two human beings are equal, en they have the same ancestors (this is the "only if" part, and it is Je) , and also that if two human the same ancestors, then ey are equal (this is the "if" part, and it is false). If A and B are sets if every element of A is an element of B, we gay A is & subset of B, Or B includes A, and we write A €B B3 A. wording of the definition implies that each set must be considered to included in itself (A C A); this fact is described by gaying that get in- Ision is reflerive. (Note that; in the same sense of the word, equality also reflexive:) If and B are gets such that A C B and A 7 B, the word oper i8 uged (proper subset, proper inclusion) If 4, B, and € are sets ch that A € B B C C, then A € C; this fact is described by saying 1t set inclusion is transitive _ (This property is also shared by equality.) If A and B are sets such that A C Band B € 4,then A and B have the ne elements and therefore, by the axiom of extension, This fact lescribed by saying that set inclusion is antisymmelric. (In this respect inclusion behaves differently from equality. Equality is symmetric, in sense that if A B, then necessarily B = A.) The axiom of extension 1, in fact, be reformulated in these terms: if A and B are sets, then essary and sufficient condition that B is that both A € B and A. Correspondingly , almost all proofs of equalities between two sets and B are split into two parts; first show that A € B, and then ghow t B cA_ Observe that belonging () and inclusion (C) are  conceptually very ierent indeed. One important difference has already manifested lf above: inclusion is alwayg reflexive, whereas it is at all clear that onging is ever reflexive. That is: A C A is always true; is ever e? It is certainly not true of any reasonable set that anyone has ever Observe, &long the same lines; that inclusion is transitive, whereas onging is not_ Everyday examples, involving; for instance, super-organ- tions whose members are organizations, will readily occur to the inter- ed reader. Origlnal fom e0 by Google UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN Suppose, beings have and and things not